And as well as upper truth, least two truths. There is nothing besides these two truths.
And the sixth sense is the subject. All are relative, that means every simple way.
All is of this all appearance, of seeing, hearing, and thinking. The object and subject of all is
relative.
And the absolute truth is the nature of the seeing, hearing, and thinking, or subject of the object
.
Nature, which is, then, under-conformant, or the indeed. That is a relative absolute truth, sorry.
Well, third-party device, and therefore, often known as absolute truth is, is beyond the conception
.
The duality mind cannot comprehend the absolute truth, and that way duality is related to truth.
Behind the duality is absolute truth.
Behind this relative truth and absolute truth are not separate from each other.
Both are existing in same state. And this, again, relative truth is in the way called kundu, kundu
means artificial.
Kundu means illusion truth, okay? Illusion truth. Truth is everything what we see. We see there's
very non-substantive, solid, existing essence there.
Therefore, it's called illusion. It is all illusion.
And what, why is this illusion true? Then we can understand it. That's absolute truth.
And that is, again, through the impersonation, analyzation of this relative truth, and way, what is
this, this?
And kind of analyzing, analyzing, getting of the relative truth, and then trying to find the right
of truth.
And that is, again, I think from the next scientist or the physics they did, and let's get an ally.
It is everything, kind of, from the gross level to the mallet food, to the atom, or to the mallet
food, and to everything from there, again, the growth group.
Everything you go to tells you that this is all very, very, very artificial. And everybody maybe
starts saying now, I mean, you know more than us,
but they start saying every kind of comes from the black banks, or big banks, or something they say
, it's coming from big banks.
That, that, so it all comes from the big banks. Where is that big banks? Or that big banks?
Big banks. And nobody can tell you that. This can't tell if it's in the
God, if it's not as absolute.
God, if it's not in the universe, if it's not in the universe, if it's not in the universe, if it's
not in the universe, if it's not in the universe, if it's not in the universe.
And so therefore, again, from the absolute truth, you discover in the...
So, from the relative, and here where mass government is, from the relative, discover the absolute
truth.
From the absolute truth, discover the relative.
And now, from that nature, from the absolute truth, you see how these relative are arising.
Arising, when you look from the absolute point of view, to the relative truth of all, then you will
see this relative truth, this illusion truth.
It is illusion. Because there's not any substantial themselves.
And again, as we have used that terminology, from the big banks, from big banks, it can't tell you
that.
From looking from the big bank, to this world, it is this illusion.
It is illusion. That's what that means.
Then, you can look at the illusion, you can look at the illusion, you can look at the illusion, you
can look at the illusion.
Or in other words, from the zero, zero will look to the numbers.
Numbers, or the zero. Then you will see this is illusion.
From the zero option, or zero level, looking to the world.
Everything comes from the zero. Zero, but zero with zero.
Zero, then, how always how? How you can say?
Therefore, this is called illusion in a relative truth.
Therefore, this true truth, generally, without this illusion, or without this zero of the big bank,
there's no illusion there.
And without this illusion, we cannot even see what the other illusion is.
Therefore, they are inseparable.
Can you tell me a little bit more?
Therefore, when you look carefully at this collection and the system of this, it's beyond
consumption, beyond energy.
I cannot really tell. It's an inexpressible state, it is inexpressible.
This inexpressible state is natural. There's nothing further to go than this.
That cannot go. That is natural.
And that is known as then the free from all complexities.
And with that realization, then, with this realization, and the reciting continuity,
matter of the power of Kishora, which is our own system,
they're also similar to our humanity.
And so now, that is again, in the depth we went to Mahamudra's terminologies,
the one-pointed, and then free from the complex cities.
That is free from the complex city practice of the Mahamudra and the one people.